docs: Refactor for Dasharo Entry Subscription nomenclature (#634)
Dasharo/docs: docs/osf-trivia-list/dts.md

# Dasharo Tools Suite

## What is Dasharo Tools Suite?

Dasharo Tools Suite (DTS) is like a swiss army knife for Dasharo firmware: you
can execute initial deployment, firmware update and even dump machine logs for
debugging and development support.

Also refer to [DTS Overview](../dasharo-tools-suite/overview.md).

## How to get Dasharo Entry Subscription releases using Dasharo Tools Suite?

Dasharo Entry Subscription releases can be used to perform firmware updates

> with DTS by providing Dasharo Supporters credentials obtained after buying a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with DTS by providing Dasharo Entry Subscribers credentials obtained after buying a
```
